fix grammar error in server-side-apply (#50469)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/using-api/server-side-apply.md

## API implementation

> The `PATCH` verb for a resource that supports Server-Side Apply can accept the

Author: I suppose it might make more sense to say:
```suggestion
The `PATCH` verb for a resource that supports Server-Side Apply accepts the
```

Reviewer: Maybe:
```diff
-The `PATCH` verb for a resource that supports Server-Side Apply can accept the
+The `PATCH` verb (for an object that supports Server-Side Apply) accepts the
```

All resources that support SSA are also objects.

Author: SGTM

Author: @jpbetz any concerns?, pushed this suggestion.
